yeah this is fun couples night we don't
hang out with married couples morals and
well because every time you do you make
jokes without swinging and scare them
away
I mean that Portuguese couple yeah like
you wouldn't done it hey guys I'm great
news Roth we're cutting the middle of
dinner oh well uh I already ate but sure
guess what happened at work today
my dinosaur died a million years ago
prime 65 million years ago and Ventris
my tenure Review Board met today and I
hear it's looking really good any idea
what this means in academic circles I am
gonna get laid headhunter called me
either feeding tomorrow with Gucci Gucci
wants me I look for tenure you do what
are the odds I finally got that seed out
of my team
happiest what I do
we're changing your name yeah no it felt
nice to acknowledge me weird you gonna
do it um
the Ministry of names I'm sorry just the
idea of being an official Bing hey I
know that Who am I kidding let's call it
kid Geller and let being die with me
would you want me to take your name oh
it's up to you it's your name you better
live with it I let's eat call me mrs.
Hannigan mrs. Hannigan what can't you
see I'm in the middle of something Hey
Joe we've got a couple things we got to
check out at the new house you wanna
come with us no thank you but you the
only one who isn't feeling out you know
come with us you'll feel closer to us to
the city no it's not close so there's an
escrow I couldn't find out on the map
escrow is there's money and exactly I
don't know what it is so much to us you
know what you are my friends I want to
be supportive I will come with you
shotgun
damage given lemon so good good for you
that was really mature but no the only
reason I'm going in that stupid new
house so I can point out everything
that's wrong with it so they don't move
I'm gonna make them saying strange kind
of grown-up did you make someone do
something they don't want to do believe
me there's something I've been trying to
get like to do in bed and hey we're not
talking about that low alright
crude Monica and Chandler really love
this house we're not gonna talk them
into staying here hey hey I can convince
people to do anything you know I bet I
can even get Mike to do that thing what
is it I am NOT gonna help
hi I'm here to see mr. Campbell with
Gucci
if the reservation is probably under
Gucci it's it spelled like gucky which
can be confusing let me show you into
his table if you have to see this
somewhere I'm sorry that's always mr.
Kendall's table let me go I can see me I
need you to enjoy a few children I know
with duckies Rachel that's great career
you gotta get out there got a good
energy
thank you too
resume is quite impressive what I resume
I wouldn't I wouldn't blow my my online
dating profile a resume I'm talking
about the were cramming for no we found
it weird why you want to leave Ralph
Lauren what III don't you know no I'm
out of here
well if you don't want to leave why are
we having this lunch you go boss I
believe what she's trying to tell you is
that I'm her boss mr. boss it is a
pleasure to meet you
I know we're here I kill myself
obviously have it how can I help you I
need to change my name please see I need
to change it because I'm hiding from the
wall
you're fun okay look I just wanna know
how architect is my name is a buffet and
my husband's name is Hannigan
so is it supposed to be buffay-hannigan
or Hannigan's of faith it could be
anything you want
well not anything yes anything oh this
could take a while I changed it today oh
I'm sorry mrs. Hannigan
wrong again apparently you can change it
to anything you want so I thought all
right here's an opportunity to be
creative so neat princess consuela
bananahammock
that's we're gonna name the baby
princess consuela you seriously changed
your need today
uh-huh okay so from now on we had to
call you princess consuela I know I'm
gonna have my friends call me Valerie
hey at the end of you does not good you
know I've always feel that way after
I'll bet it went better than you think
well I didn't get the job at Gucci and I
got fired from Ralph Lauren that was bad
interview my boss was at the same
restaurant where I was having my
interview when he heard everything so
later he called me to his office and he
tells me that he's gonna have to let me
go because I'm gonna change later and I
said wait a minute oh I am and then I
had to sit there for 45 minutes while he
proves that that effect hey what's this
it's appalling champagne why is this
here I guess it's here because I got
tenure
this is a single greatest day of my
professional career
dr. six classes six you want me to join
oh I thought Julie was here five is good
I'm gonna have a loogie my coffee
tomorrow nobody tellin this is the big
night for a little spoiling
you sure yeah okay everybody take one
okay thank you Israeli champagne it's
vanilla
you win the lottery so what a good thing
go oh good yeah but I'm not gonna hear
about that okay oh you know what you're
gonna get it I I can feel it
Kenya and and two years of hard work
finally paying off and to knowing that
your career doesn't mean everything but
also knowing it means I wanted life that
centered around work I can never be
fired no seriously I have job security
for the light you know I never have to
worry oh look how happy you are for me I
get fired today didn't get the other job
which I'm so sorry
don't it's okay little heads-up would
have been nice
and thank you first planting to us what
SQL means forgotten what you said but
thank you just let me know when you're
through good let you say to come me too
yeah this place is great so happy for
you guys
hello you know I hope you like fungus
what fungus yeah places hold it you had
an inspection and they didn't find
anything okay and I guess I have dry
eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason
maybe it's because you hung your head
out of the window like a dog the hole
right here maybe this is the yellow
living room huh it's pretty dark no it's
not are you kidding I think I just saw a
bat in the corner when your head was
hanging out the window he didn't hit a
mailbox did it
maybe I just think you guys can do
better than this house you know or any
other house for that matter
no Joey we know you're having a hard
time with this but we really love it
here
fine okay if you love this house so much
then you should just live here okay I
told you yet you said while you're
humming sound you'll get you Oh
I missed you what's new well I no longer
Phoebe Buffay that's great you changed
your name yes I did meet princess
consuela bananahammock kidding right no
you really did that yep you could do
this
hey it's fine it's different no one else
has a name like it all right then I'm
gonna change my name
great okay let me change it crap bag my
crap bag no no Mike no just this crap
bag first name crap last name bag you're
not serious right yeah I'm serious
it's fun it's different no one else has
anything like that wait if you love it I
love it I do love it and I love your
name I love princess consuela and I love
crap hi I'm Joey my stupid friends are
buying this house who are you hi
Mackenzie my stupid parents are selling
this house I hate my friends look
there's got to be a way that we can stop
this from happening right right oh okay
you come with me and you tell him that
the house is haunted
wait okay let's say you a great idea
I mean you know if Monica and Chandler
move out here and now Phoebe's married
to Mike that just leaves me and Ross and
race you don't mean I don't know the
losing my friends Mike and family make
new friends oh yeah sure easy for you
young me I'm setting my wings I'm always
talking about whiners are wieners what
you finds to be happy right yeah yeah I
guess yeah well moving here they make
them happy don't you want them to do it
yeah maybe
and you gotta let them go
I hate to admit it but you you probably
right
how'd you get the piece of smart oh
that's what I thought we could be
friends
eh I just heard I'm so sorry
thank you still under my name
I'm sorry it's almost as if this wasn't
built for a quick getaway
you know if you always get a seat on the
subway you're not catching me by my
deathbed
yeah box full of your desktop does exact
if ik know I look good you know I'm
gonna taking time off
charity work are you sure because we may
have something to read the time it's
good charity work what do you got great
nice to see you yeah yeah I got tenure
I told you something good would come
along and he said really nice
Bloomingdale you are insanely jealous of
him that is more I hate that guy you
cannot go to dinner with Joe okay I'm
sure he's going to give you a job maybe
making his secretary okay
sweet the trees the big front yard the
actual picket century man those two dogs
are going at it hey Lee did oh just uh
you know looking around but you know
what this house is great really what
change your money well the little girl
who lives here made me feel a lot better
about the whole thing
Joey there was a little girl who lived
here but she died like 30 years ago just
messing with you buddy
you know I'm afraid a little girl goes
through the house you wanna go see your
room what I get my own room you don't
think we buy a house not a Joey room
dear
oh my god Oh you cannot have an aquarium
in a sex swing no I'll keep the tank
clean
you miss banana hammock Thank You mr.
bag I'll be to the massage client don't
you introduce me yeah ba this is my
husband yeah why don't you tell her my
name yeah well this is my husband and
crap man you need an easy way to
remember it just think of a bag of crap
okay excuse me yeah okay fine you made
your point can you please just be Mike
Hannigan again only if you'll be seedy
Buffay how about um how that
buffay-hannigan doing yeah maybe
buffay-hannigan bananahammock do you
even know what a banana hammock is it's
a funny word it's a speedo oh you know
hit your dog's hey is Rachel here no
she's still at dinner I guess - you know
that guy Mark from bloomingdales she
thinks he's just being nice to her but I
know he really wants to sleep with her
it's seven years ago my time machine
works
we ran into him on the street today and
he said he might have a job for her but
I know he just want to get into her
pants what did he want to sleep with her
I mean she's single and he's cute
excuse me please
yesterday on the subway you couldn't
stop staring at that woman look a big
breasts the whole time for your
information I was staring at her baby
we're about to be parents oh sorry
so how was dinner oh it's great oh yeah
yeah I wonder why what could that smarmy
letch possibly want and he's happily
married his wife just had twins did we
send something a job stuff go he offered
me one that's great congratulations
no it's amazing it's amazing it's so
much better than when I had it Ralph
Lauren the money is Joey can we just
stop for a second who said something
better would come along huh you didn't
believe me I told you everything was
gonna work out you know what this calls
for a bottle of Israel's finest the job
is in Paris
I mean this soap opera is a great gig
but am I missing opportunities you know
I've always thought of myself as a
serious actor should I be trying to do
more independent movies I don't know
there are my dare all right
hey Bailey I need some career advice